moving on is the EU format less exciting
Oh
Kelsey Moser you've been in Europe for a
month now
I'm stealing Marx's brand here a little
bit because he goes to Reddit and he
finds people complaining about stuff and
rants about it so uh there was a big
thread recently it's like oh my gosh the
EU LCS format so bad
imagine if we had the any format then
we'd have h2k and g2 and fnatic uol all
fighting each other
raka could make a last-minute run it's
like no I don't really think that that
would happen I think you just have like
a very clear cut you'd have a much more
clear cut because I feel like you has a
lot big drops from bottom to the next
run or from the top three to the next
run and then from there they have more
drops to the next run and there's just
really clear-cut and it's harder to see
that actually because of the group
format so in a way the group from it
makes it more interesting it's just that
you don't actually get to see these
matches play out much so I have you look
at LPL there's like a ton of parity in
that region with teams winning all sorts
of stuff and they have the same format
and the scores are much closer so I
really don't think it's the format issue
I just think that there is like this
weird black of parity and the yellow is
that people are complaining about I was
gonna say a lot of the things see so I
went back back in Reza said and a lot of
the things that they bring up especially
when so they brought up how exciting
Korea has been the split they're like
yeah like long zoo is about to take
first place and SKT is doing really bad
but those are in my opinion those are
not formatting those are just SKT
struggled since rift rival um and so now
you have a genuinely like different I
guess look at Korea because previously
like old last year it was the Rox Tigers
dominating everything but then fkc would
sneak up and beat them right and
summer that was always a thing like the
Tigers could never beat us Casey and
Estacio is destined to win and all this
other stuff so I think that this split
there has been a little bit more parity
at the top when you look at top korean
teams i do not think that that is
because of their format in fact i think
it has absolutely nothing to do with
their format i think it has to do with
the fact that you did have a lot of
teams improving from last slit and you
had SKT kind of really starting to show
some of their struggles that they
actually did have this past spring but
weren't exploited as well by other teams
so i mean i don't i don't think it's a I
guess I am NOT arguing against if this
person feels like watching Europe has
not been as exciting and that is their
opinion and that's what they've thought
from watching it but I don't think that
it's a format issue
yeah the problem is separating how
boring Europe is generally from the
format I think I mean Europe to me I
think it's been much more exciting
that's what the MAS play and obviously
people want to see more I think people
just want to see more TT vs h2k or more
hgk vs. fnatic I really don't want to
see unicorns of love play more games I
mean that's in general the problem
though is that that's in general the
problem though is that for me is that
they're just like too many
regular-season games until you get to
the playoffs anyway so to me you're just
asking to add more these matches that
ultimately people aren't even going to
remember or think of as meaningful when
we did to the semi-finals and so I just
don't even think that it's like why are
you why do you care suddenly when you
get to the playoffs you're going to be
compared complaining about how the
regular season was too long anyway and
none of the matches mattered
I think I think the format especially
last when I was saying a little more
attention to your Plus but I think that
like really exacerbated some of the
problems that existed in Europe anyway
is where it's like you have really bad
teams like horrible teams in both groups
and it
makes every game involving that team
boring so it's like the top seems 20
bottom teams are boring the bottom teams
playing the bottom teams are boring and
then yes you have like the lacrosse
conference or whatever battles which are
cool
but like you said this format would
probably be sick if there was more
parity in it where like you get to have
the really hyped cross Conference
battles that make it seem like which
which which ones actually better and you
can have this discussion as opposed to
like it is now I think and obviously
like you'll to see more G tune persons
h2k but what isn't necessarily cool is
to see more ni P versus monkeys or that
you're going to get more matches of both
kinds in a format that's just the thing
is that you doesn't have parity right
now and that's going to make it boring
either way I think so it'd have been
better for them to switch back to
another format until they actually get
teams that are good I mean I think it
would be that would be boring aspects
anyway I think it's almost like you're
reciting boring no I don't think more
than every region though like and
whenever people bring stuff like them
you know mid caned you guys play mid
Cain let's go come on
ah I like how you're not opt whatever
country you're in at that time is your
region we played it we do this we do
that well I mean always from anymore
yeah nice once when I'm when I'm in the
u.s. we'll see if I'm calling it a my
region yes them on the show that's a to
be fair of you if you look at Friday's
games from this week in na LCS they were
so bad it was like P one verse echo fox
and immortals versus fly quest or
something and like both series were
stomps and then like we left and it was
just like like those are problems too
like na has like with their format
problems as well I guess the thing that
I would like to ask whenever people like
not ask you guys but whenever people
bring up like format or like things used
to be so much more exciting when pick
arbitrary point in League of Legends
history um is what do you think so like
okay
the discussion of like tournament
formats just looking at the league
formats that have been adopted since
2015 will say because that's kind of
when everything normalized across the
board like what do you think regular
seasons are supposed to be though
because like coming from a traditional
sports background like do I look back
and look at every single Red Sox game
and I'm like this is the most exciting
thing ever not because there's so many
of them okay we're using meaning of life
stress you know um anyway yeah I know
people think baseball is boring and
maybe that's the whole other topic is
baseball husband's like I like peaceful
that has a notoriously yes awful regular
I think I think my point is that like
when you have this large amount of games
that is specifically for playoff
seedings like that is the purpose the
purpose of the regular season is to see
teams for playoff and grow I would say
like those detecting so I mean that is
going happen
I guess it's my liking I don't I don't
know oh no what a lot is I think a lot
of people forget that that's more what
or I guess maybe I'm just weird that's
more what the regular season is for me
is to see like where teams end up and
see them prior to playing in playoffs
which are obviously a lot more important
a one see versa ten seed is not supposed
to be entertaining and probably
shouldn't be unless it's like there's an
upset happening and there's nothing you
can do about that but they still have to
play each other yeah
see what what they have to do to make
things more entertaining is that they
have to make one of the players tape
their fingers together on the top team
let's see what happens is already more
gimmicks there is just two to three to
show where she'll be like wait you're
joking here because we're like awesome
and try to play Kelsey's voice changes
and she says you see what they have to
do is
and it's always like oh boy here we go
when Travis game ready toss to the next
segment yeah all right speaking of which
EU coaching still in Europe the great
state of Europe